hi dolls this is no alani with this week
style update boy we had a busy week
monday we had the everyone release of
the goatier museum i'll release and that
was super awesome we released it first
on the saturday the royalties only but
you guys but it's so fast that we had to
do a quick little restock so we added
200 additions to every item check it now
because there are some left but not that
many so be quick Wednesday was Kelly's
pics with the theme festival chic I
don't know how Kelly finds these amazing
pieces you know that grunge is dead tea
for boys I thought was super super cool
I don't even remember that I've been
here a long time friday we had sunny
bunny super chic with his kauai
accessories and the really really cool
hair my favorite item was the spike
sunglasses absolute favorite last week
we had the wall releases we had one that
was a little bit you know classic girly
white silver blingy and then we had the
punk release so we found two amazing
prom queen so i'm not going to tell you
where they are now but you will find out
on the blog on sunday very very cool
users very creative really gorgeous so
you're going to start something actually
in the video every week we're going to
have a celeb style of the week you know
that we love celebs we love fashion we
love how so let's get styled for events
so my favorite this week was Diane
Kruger from the CFDA Awards you know I
think that she is so consistent in her
style always always looks perfect I
don't know how she does it but she's my
favorite that red dress with the black
you know color-block lines was really
really strong with the black heels
slicked back hair down I thought it was
super pretty so I want to see how you
guys can recreate her look using items
from star plaza hashtag ask Allah me on
instagram and twitter speaking of a
squirrel Lonnie we had the awesome
contest that you guys submitted the
coolest things for
so impressed and so inspired for my
haircut you know these days I'm I don't
know I'm looking for creative ways i had
this bounce what can I do with the
bounce it kind of gives me energy it's
really interesting it really opens up
all these ideas for color and
accessories and you guys really saw that
so as you saw on the blog we announced
the three winners one was missed rage
sin as I said they're lovely breezy
feminine options and pastels really
classic skirts with like perfect crisp
shirts i love this combos always the
second user was don t 1 2 3 with the
gorgeous makeup tips I loved those
options and the third user was Julia
1234 Chloe which gave me tons of
appetite is for all summer vacations so
I love that you guys you know went
through all this effort really thought
about ways that I could style my new
hair i'm also on that note loving the
new hair from tres up it is called the
jamie cropped bob and that is almost
exactly what my hair is now but a little
bit cooler i wish that i could stop by
hair on my own like that every day ah if
only if you guys have any tips always
let me know hashtag hashtag ask no money
on instagram and twitter and i will see
you next week